How much Gold do you need to unweave a white pattern out of a war flag? 	0
What's the name of Julius's mech suit? 	Felix
Vex's Curse of the Flesh skill affects the enemy... 	...with the lowest Health.
What was the name of Lian's beloved? 	Hiroshi
What was the name of Lian's beloved? 	Hiroshi
Which hero gains Charge instead of Energy? 	Isaac
Which Hero doesn't use a staff? 	Mojo
Which Hero doesn't have a hood in their Default Skin? 	Dorian
Who can't have Merlin the pet as a patron? 	Rufus
Where can you obtain the Soul Crystals needed to summon Heroes? 	Soul Atrium
which hero can temporarily lower the opponent's main stat 	Dante
How many identical white patterns do you need to get your first violet one? 	8
Which pet's second skill increases the dodge chance of all Heroes? 	Cain
What's the max number of patterns that you can weave into a war flag? 	3
Which Hero can move a low-health ally to the center of their team? 	Corvus
Which Battle Speed option can't be used during Campaign missions? 	x0.5
What's the max boost you can apply to a Hero's drop rate in the Soul Atrium? 	250%
Which Support Hero's main stat is Strength? 	Fafnir
which hero is the Grove Keeper 	Thea
Which Titan is a Light Titan? 	Iyari
What is the title Tenebris bears? 	Incarnation of Darkness
What is the max Ascension rank? 	5
Which Hero has their own theme music in the game? 	Thea
Which Titan CANNOT stun enemies? 	Angus
How many Totems can one Titan team use simultaneously? 	2
During which event can Titan Skin Stones NOT be earned? 	Elemental Synergy
Starting at which rank can you rate a Hero and get 50 Emeralds? 	Orange 4
How many guild members can participate in the Clash of Worlds? 	30
How long is the gap between Seasons of the Clash of Worlds? 	A week
Which stat boost do the Dark Titans gain from the Dark Spirit Totem? 	Health
Which Hero has a Champion Skin that can be bought with gold trophies? 	Dorian, Cleaver, Helios, Jhu, Jorgen, Maya, Ziri
Which Hero is a princess? 	Astrid
Which Hero is NOT alien to the Dominion? 	Arachne
Which Titan wields the artifact known as Nephtis's Vambraces? 	Mort
Which Titan increases the max Health of allies? 	Solaris
What is the name of the Dark Super Titan? 	Tenebris
Which mode does not have any cross-server competitions? 	Guild War
What do you receive for selling Hero Equipment items? 	Gold
Which Hero Cannot Stun enemies? 	Isaac
How many stages are there in the Cross-Server Tournament of the Elements? 	7
Which Hero doesn't have a critical hit chance glyph? 	Isaac
Which hero has assembled a squad for fighting demons? 	Tristan
How many branches are there in total on the Great Tree of Wisdom? 	7
Which Insignia are required for the Ascension of heroes with Control as their primary role? 	Insignia of Willpower
How many players are awarded Marks of Distinction for the Titanite farmed during the day? 	3
The attacking Titans of which element deal less damage against the Earth Crown? 	Water
Titans of which role don't have Champion Skins? 	Marksmen
Which Hero wields a cat staff in their Masquerade Skin? 	Corneliius
Which control effects grant max charges to Khorus' first skill? 	Silence
Which of Heidi's stats can't be promoted with runes? 	Health
Which of Heidi's stats can't be promoted with glyphs? 	Health
Which hero's Ascension skill converts excess healing into shield? 	Thea
Which heroes has Ascension skills? (2022) 	Nebula, Qing Mao, Thea, Dark Star, Artemis, Kai, Judge, Lilith
Which Hero doesn't have a Solar Skin? 	Cleaver
Which hero can't choose Khorus as a patron? 	Dorian
Which heroine can expose a part of the Soul in the enemy's body? 	Iris
Which temporary Guild Raid buff boosts the damage the team deals to Nightmares? 	Dreamer's Retaliation
Which hero has the Celestial Skin? 	Satori
What cannot be obtained from chests in Adventures? 	Pet Soul Stones
How many times per week can you use the Astral Seer for free? 	7
Which Adventure doesn't exist? 	Shavarakk's Fall
Which Adventure requires team level 130? 	Maelstrom of Chaos
How many weekly attempts to fight the Guild Raid boss does each player get? 	5
What cannot be obtained from Guild raids? 	Gold
Who can be invited to a closed Adventure group? 	Guildmates
What is the daily items exchange limit for Guild Activity Points? 	2000
How many Hero Soul Stones does the Lesser Hero Soul Stone Chest contain? 	50
How many Hero Soul Stones does it take to evolve a Hero from the 5th star to Absolute Star? 	300
How much time has to pass before you can claim free energy in the daily quest again? 	1 hour
Which grand prize can be found in an Artifact Chest? 	Chaos Cores

Artifact Coins
How many branches does the great tree of wisdom have? 	7
How many windows can you see in the main square shop? 	3
Which resource cannot be obtained as a Guild Raid reward? 	Ancient Wisdom Crystal
Which resource does not exist in the game? 	Sanctity insignia
Which hero has the "Rune of Life" skill? 	Alvanor
At which team level can you get Honorable Guardian Boxes for completing daily quest? 	130
Which of the following Heroes doesn't have a Barbarian Skin? 	Jhu
Which hero has a cat at the end of their staff in their Masquerade Skin? 	Cornelius
Which Hero transforms into a cat in one of their skins? 	Chabba
Which of these heroes transforms into a cat in one of their skins? 	Chabba
Where is the Archdemon waiting for the Guardians? 	The Furnace of Horror
What is the max level of the Gift of the Elements a Hero can have? 	30
Who was Lilith to the Archdemon? 	First Wife
Which Goddess does Ziri worship? 	Akhreb Ummi
Which stat can't be boosted via Glyphs? 	Wisdom, Stamina
Which stats are boosted by these Titan Artifacts: Attack Seal, Defense Seal, and Balance Seal? 	Health, attack
Which bad habit is Rufus notorious for? 	Drinking
Which Hero has a cat companion? 	Astrid
Capturing which objective gives you the most points in the Guild War? 	Citadel
Which one of the following Heroes doesn't have a weapon in each hand? 	Markus
What of the following was the last to appear in this game? 	Adventures, Titan Valley
What can be purchased for Elemental Tournament Coins? 	Titan Artifact Fragments
What is the title Tenebris bears? 	Incarnation of Darkness
Where can you find Seymour? 	Ghirwil City
Which Heroes walk around the main square? 	Arena defense team
Which dungeon level must you complete to receive a Primeval Depths Frame? 	15000
Which Stats does hero lack? 	Accuracy
Which stat do Heroes lack? 	Accuracy
How many pets are available in the game? 	10
How do you unlock the Soul Shop? 	Promote any hero to absolute star or get Cleaver
What resources do you need to buy stones for promoting pets? 	Chaos Particle
Which of these Guild War fortifications must be conquered with titans? 	Spring of Elements
What is Thea's title? 	Healer of the Old Grove
Which Hero role is not a part of the game? 	Assassin
What team level is required to access the Grand Arena? 	50
Which shop sells Titan Skin Stones? 	Guild War Shop
Which resources can't be obtained in the Outland? 	Hero Soul Stones
What do you call a location in Adventure where you can pick a buff of your team? 	Altar of Power
What cannot be obtained from chests in Adventures? 	Pet Soul Stones
What is the name of the ice bird residing in Nordland? 	Astrild
Which Outland boss resides in the Caves of Despair? 	Illysa the Weaver
Which Outland boss resides in the Enslavers' Camp? 	Brog the Conqueror
Which Outland boss resides in the Fiery Abyss? 	Vadjar the Incinerator
How can the Lesser Soul Stone Chest be obtained? 	By logging in 28 days in a month
What is the max level of Valkyrie's Favor? 	16
How much time do you have to complete an Adventure? 	7 days
At what level does the Tower Instant Clear get available? 	130
Which skill isn't present in the game? 	True Darkness
Which one of the following heroes doesn't have a Winter Skin? 	Qing Mao, Ziri
Which skill does not belong to Polaris? 	Deep Freeze
Which Hero has no energy? 	Astrid and Lucas
Which stat boost do the Fire Titans gain from the Water Spirit Totem? 	None
Which stat boost do the Light Titans gain from the Light Spirit Totem? 	Attack
Who are the Light Titan Artifacts dedicated to? 	Belav
Which currency is rerquired to level up these Titan Artifacts: Attack Seal, Defense Seal, and Balance Seal? 	Gold, Emeralds
Which hero's primary role is Support? 	Nebula
Who is assigned victory if no winner is declared after a battle in the Grand Arena lasts for a certain amount of time? 	The defender
Which damage type is not a part of the game? 	Metaphysical Damage
Which damage type isn't present in the game? 	Metaphysical damage
Which campaign chapter features a hand protruding from the ground, holding an axe? 	7
Where can't you receive a Titan Potion? 	Summoning Circle
Which of the following Heroes doesn't have a Masquerade Skin? 	Jorgen
What's the benefit of running multiple raids in the Campaign? 	They guarantee a minimum of 1 item fragment for every 10 missions
Which of the following Heroes doesn't have a Romantic Skin? 	Ziri
Which one of these pets has the Darkguard skills? 	Mara
Which pet has the Stayin' Chill skill? 	Biscuit
Where do Heroes begin their journey? 	Ashen Road
What is the name of the orc chief in Campaign chapter 3? 	Gro Bulgor
What can't be found in an artifact chest? 	Artifact Chest Key
Which Hero doesn't have a mask? 	Martha
What is the value of the hourly reward for a player ranked #30 in the Grand Arena? 	45
The passive skill of which Hero doesn't work after their death? 	Andvari
How often can you transfer from one guild to another for free? 	Once every 8 hours
Which Hero doesn't have a Mechanical Skin? 	Ziri
Which of the following Heroes doesn't have a Mechanical Skin? 	Ziri
How many Artifact Coins can you receive for selling any artifact fragment? 	50
What can't be found on the 50th tower floor? 	Tower Boss
The Titans of which element deal less damage against the Earth Crown in the attack battle? 	Water
The Titans of which element deal less damage against the Water Crown in the defense battle? 	Any
The titans of which element are dealt boosted damage by the Ragni's Beast artifact? 	Earth Titans
The titans of which element are dealt boosted damage by Siungur's Staff artifact? 	Fire
What can you buy in the Pet Soul Stone Shop? 	Chaos Particle
Which stat boost do the Earth Titans gain from the Earth Spirit Totem? 	Health
Which Hero doesn't have a Devil Skin? 	Fox
Which of the following Heroes doesn't have a Devil Skin? 	Fox
Which of the these Heroes can't blind their opponents? 	Daredevil
Where can't the Chaos Core be obtained? 	Artifact Merchant
What's the amount of energy you receive when using a Bottled Energy? 	200
At which rank does a pet unlock its patronage skill? 	Violet
At which rank does patronage become available to pets? 	Blue
Which season doesn't offer Energy Recovery x3 as a reward? 	Astral Season
What is the maximum number of windows seen on a tower floor? 	3
What is the max number of windows seen on a tower floor? 	3
Which passive skill enables you to start the battle with accumulated energy? 	Public Idol
Which Guild War Trophies can be exchanged for the Champion's Skin for Cleaver? 	Gold
Which one of these Heroes has a Champion Skin that can be bought with gold trophies? 	Cleaver, DORIAN, Helios, Jhu, Jorgen, Maya, Ziri
Which Hero doesn't have a Spring Skin? 	Martha
Which of the following Heroes doesn't have a Spring Skin? 	Martha
Which of the following Heroes fight with a balloon in their hand? 	Jorgen
Which Hero can fight with a balloon in their hand? 	Jorgen
How many Guild War fortifications must be conquered in order to earn max points? 	10
Where can't Artifact Coins be obtained? 	Expeditions
What is the level cap on the Artifact Chest? 	10
How do you leave an Adventure before defeating the boss? 	In the log
How many levels are there between save points in the Dungeon? 	10
The appearance of which drommer Master of the Elements can't be found in the game? 	Siungur
Which currency is required to level up an Elemental Spirit Totem? 	Guild War Trophies, Emeralds
Which drommer is the Master of Fire artifacts? 	Ragni
Which stat boost do the Fire Titans gain from the Fire Spirit Totem? 	Attack
What is the max rank for pets? 	Violet 3
What is the max rank of pets? 	Violet 3
Which one of these Heroes did NOT arrive to Dominion during a New Year Event? 	Andvari
Which Hero Didn't arrive to Dominion during a New Year Event? 	Andvari
Where can you receive Jet Soul Stones? 	Soul Shop
Which skin type doesn't exist? 	Southern Skin
Which Labyrinth can be found on the campaign map? 	Labyrinth of Past Hopes
What does Thirst for BLood, Daredevil's 4th skill, do? 	Ignores a portion of the armor of enemies she has set on fire
What does the Thirst for Blood, Daredevil's 4th skill, do? 	Ignores a portion of the armor of enemies she has set on fire
How many different masks can Peppy summon with her Masquerade skill? 	4
How many in group was taught cheating won't get you any further in life? 	1
How many daily attack attempts does a Guild Champion have in a Guild War? 	2
How many times per day can you claim free energy for completing the daily quest? 	3
How Many adventures in the Game? 	13
At what level you get honorable guardian caskets for completing daily quests? 	130
How many Skin Stones does the Large Skin Stone Chest Contain? 	150
Which one of these pets boost heroes that deal pure Damage? 	Albus
Physical damage pet is? 	Fenris
What's the mission called where you encounter the Archdemon for the first time? 	Archdemon's Patrimony / The Archdemon's Legacy
What is the name of the mission where you encounter the Archdemon for the first time? 	Archdemon's Patrimony / The Archdemon's Legacy
What can't be obtained in an Expedition? 	Artifact Coin
What are Titan Skin Stones purchased for? 	Bronze Guild War Trophies
What is Astaroth's main goal? 	Burn down the world
What is Astaroth's primary life goal? 	Burn down the world
Which pet increases the dodge chance of all heroes with its second skill? 	Cain
Which chapter is "Ruled by Fire"? 	Chapter 1
Which hero can be found in heroic chest pre-evolved to Absolute star? 	Cleaver
What does Celeste create in her dark form? 	Cursed Flame
What's the name of K'arkh's home planet? 	Dagan-Nuhr
Who got a 'noble' weapon? 	Ginger
Where can you find out what has changed in the Dominion? 	Hero Wars Community Page
Which hero was brought back from the dead? 	Keira or Corvus
Which shop isn't present in the game? 	Love shop
What is the name of Astrid's pet? 	Lucas
Which Pet speeds up its owner's magic skills? 	Merlin
Rufus cannot have merlin as a pet? 	Merlin
Which Titan element can't be found in the Dominion? 	Metal
Which hero is an alien? 	Orion, K'arkh, Julius
What is Aurora's family name? 	Paladin of Riversar
Which hero rank is not in the game? 	Red +4
What did Ishmael's father want to do to him in his childhood? 	Sacrifice him to the gods
Name of Adventure 12? 	Siege of Strongford
Which form can't be assumed by Lucas, Astri's pet? 	Squirrel
Which of the following can't be found in the Skin Stone Chest? 	Stamina Skin Stone
Which resources do you need to buy temporary Guild Raid buffs? 	Gold and Valor Emblems
What can't be found in the Skin Stone Chest? 	Stamina Skin Stone
Which one of the Heroes is a star-child? 	Helios
What skins aren't present in the game? 	Summer
Which people used to live in Ghirwil City? 	The Drommers
What kind of magic does Dorian possess? 	The Magic of Blood
Skull stones are obtained in? 	The tower
Not in game? 	Tower warden frame
Who resides in Campaign Chapter 10? 	Typhon
Who helps heroes instantly complete the Tower at team level 130? 	Valkyrie
Who owns rarity fair? 	Wendy
What is Cornelius' family name? 	Witt
What tribe does Jhu belong to? 	Zarakkar
Which of these heroes doesn't carry a weapon in their hands? 	Ziri
What can't be obtained in an Expedition? 	Artifact Coin
Which one of these names is not an Adventure's name? 	Shavarakk's Fall
Which one of the following Heroes doesn't have a Spring Skin? 	Martha
Which of these Emerald Exchange multipliers doesn't exist? 	25
A total of how many Friendship Chips can be obtained per day, not taking group gifts into account? 	1000
what can't be a part of Hero equipment items? 	Runes
Which one is an Outland Boss? 	Brog the conqueror
Which lands did Corvus swear to protect? 	Kingdom of Graven
Which Hero is the child of a human and a Titan? 	Maya
Which one of the following Heroes doesn't use a staff? 	Mojo
Which of these heroes can block some of enemy healing? 	Yasmine
How many enemies must you defeat to proceed to Stage 2 of the Tournament of the Elements? 	5
What do Mara the pet and Dark Star have in common? 	Mind control
What is the max number of skeletons Morrigan can control at the same time? 	6
How many Guild Activity Points can be obtained for upgrading a Hero's Glyph once a day? 	700
Who is the last boss in the Campaign? 	Seymour
Who sends you emeralds for Hero promotion via mail? 	Wendy
Which element does Andvari command? 	The Earth Element
Which of these heroes has the Embrace of Pain skill? 	Yasmine
Which boss can't be encountered in Adventures? 	Daredevil
Which boss cannot be encountered in Adventures? 	Daredevil
What is the ratio between energy points spent to Guild Activity points? 	1 to 1
Who is assigned the victory if no winner is declared after a battle in the Grand Arena lasts for a certain amount of time? 	The defender
Who strikes back when an ally is critically hit? 	Helios
Which of these heroes wears a crown on their head? 	Morrigan
Which hero's critical hits can poison enemies? 	Yasmine
What can't be purchased at the Guild War Shop? 	Great Enchantment Rune
Which Guild War Trophies can be exchanged for a Titan Potion? 	Bronze Guild War Trophy
Which of the following Heroes has a Cybernetic Skin? 	Satori, Lars, ...
Which one of these Titan's soul stones cannot be received for victory in the Dungeon? 	Eden, Araji, Hyperion
What can be obtained as a reward for Tower Points? 	Gold, Tower Coins
What is the name of Qing Mao's brother? 	Qing Long
Which Hero doesn't have a hood in their Default Skin? 	Dorian
Which one of these Heroes doesn't have a hood in their Default Skin? 	Dorian
At what level do Adventures become available? 	40
Which Hero's familiar is a bat? 	Dorian
The Lost Hero animated short reveals the Archdemon's previous name. What is it? 	Gareth
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Mobile Amira Avatar (Amira)

(Which artifact belongs to this Hero?)
	Turban of the Grand Genie

Manuscript of the Void

Ring of Intelligence
What artifact belongs to this hero? Browser Andvari Avatar (Andvari) 	Hand of the Great Master

Alchemist's Folio

Ring of Strength
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Arachne Avatar (Arachne) 	Hyper Booster DS-1

Defender's Covenant

Ring of Agility
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Artemis Avatar (Artemis) 	Evil's Bane

Alchemist's Folio

Ring of Agility
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Astaroth Avatar (Astaroth) 	Scythe of Redemption

Defender's Covenant

Ring of Strength
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Aurora Avatar (Aurora) 	Selias' Legacy

Book of Illusions

Ring of Strength
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Chabba Avatar (Chabba) 	Bracers of Hunger

Defender's Covenant

Ring of Strength
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Cornelius Avatar (Cornelius) 	Archivist's Staff

Tome of Arcane Knowledge

Ring of Intelligence
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Corvus Avatar (Corvus) 	Undead King's Glaive

Defender's Covenant

Ring of Strength
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Dark Star Avatar (Dark Star) 	Alchemist's Folio

Ring of Agility
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Dorian Avatar (Dorian) 	Bleeding Steel

Tome of Arcane Knowledge

Ring of Intelligence
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Elmir Avatar (Elmir) 	Blades of Many Truths

Alchemist's Folio

Ring of Agility
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Faceless Avatar (Faceless) 	Hermit's Shroud

Ring of Intelligence
What artifact belongs to this hero? Mobile Fafnir Avatar (Fafnir) 	Ring of Strength
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Fox Avatar (Fox) 	Alchemist's Folio
What artifact belongs to this hero? Browser Galahad Avatar (Galahad) 	Defender's Covenant

Ring of Strength
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Helios Avatar (Helios) 	Wand of the Thousand Suns
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Iris Avatar (Iris) 	Grimoire of Enslaved Souls

Tome of Arcane Knowledge

Ring of Intelligence
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Isaac Avatar (Isaac) 	Lil' Tes'Lin

Alchemist's Folio

Ring of Agility
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Ishmael Avatar (Ishmael) 	Ring of Agility
What artifact belongs to this hero? Browser Jet Avatar (Jet) 	Book of Illusions
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Jhu Avatar (Jhu) 	Zarakkar Bones
What artifact belongs to this hero? Browser Jorgen Avatar (Jorgen) 	Shavarakk's Blood

Ring of Strength
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Judge Avatar (Judge) 	Chart of Endless Stars

Tome of Arcane Knowledge

Ring of Intelligence
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Kai Avatar (Kai) 	Wanderer’s Mantle

Ring of Intelligence
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Krista Avatar (Krista) 	Ring of Intelligence
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Lara Croft Avatar (Lara Croft) 	Lara's Jade Necklace

Warrior's Code

Ring of Agility
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Lars Avatar (Lars) 	Stormy Talismam, Manuscript of the Void
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Lian Avatar (Lian) 	Tome of Arcane Knowledge
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Lilith Avatar (Lilith) 	Tome of Arcane Knowledge
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Markus Avatar (Markus) 	Ring of Intelligence
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Maya Avatar (Maya) 	Tome of Arcane Knowledge

Mother Tree's Branch

Ring of Intelligence
What artifact belongs to this hero? Browser Mojo Avatar (Mojo) 	Mask of Anger

Manuscript of the Void

Ring of Intelligence
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Morrigan Avatar (Morrigan) 	Raven's Skull

Tome of Arcane Knowledge

Ring of Intelligence
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Nebula Avatar (Nebula) 	Unborn Stars

Book of Illusions Ring of Agility
What artifact belongs to this hero? Browser Peppy Avatar (Peppy) 	Ms. Whirligig

Ring of Intelligence
What artifact belongs to this hero? Browser Qing Mao Avatar (Qing Mao) 	Ring of Agility

Book of Illusions
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Rufus Avatar (Rufus) 	Ring of Strength
What artifact belongs to this Hero? Browser Sebastian Avatar (Sebastian) 	Warrior's Code

Ring of Agility
What artifact belongs to this hero? Browser Thea Avatar (Thea) 	Tome of Arcane Knowledge

Ring of Intelligence

Staff of Rebirth
What artifact belongs to this hero? Browser Yasmine Avatar (Yasmine) 	Concubine's Khanjars

Warrior's Code
What artifact belongs to this hero? Browser Ziri Avatar (Ziri) 	Akhreb Ummi's Sting

Ring of Strength
Who is Mira? 	Pet Trainer
Which Titan is known as Father of the Ocean 	Hyperion
Who can pull their enemies closer with a chain? 	Cleaver
Which Hero has more than 2 hands? 	K'arkh, Dante
Which of these heroes has a Sweettooth Skin? 	Peppy
Which of these Heros does have a Dark Depths Skin? 	K'argh, Satori, Phobos
Which of these Heros doesn't have a Stellar Skin? 	Judge
Which Hero doesn't have a Masquerade Skin? 	Jorgen
What does the wind vane on the Shop's roof in the main square look like? 	Dragon
Which of the following Heroes doesn't have a Dark Depths Skin? 	Judge
Which one of these Heroes wears a hat in their Default Skin 	Sebastian, Phobos
Which hero has no vampirism-related skill? 	Jorgen
Which of the following heroes has a Champion Skin that can be bought with Silver Guild War Trophies? 	Galahad, Ginger, Ishmael, Judge, Kai, Peppy, and Thea
Which hero becomes younger in on of their skins? 	Martha
Where are Skull coins obtained? 	Tower
What's the amount of experience you receive when using a Huge EXP potion? 	7500
Which of these heroes has an Engineer special? 	Isaac, Ginger, Fox
Which hero have a critical hit chance glyph? 	Artemis, Ishmael, Daredevil, Sebastian, Jhu (others not)
Which of these heroes does NOT have a critical hit chance skin? 	Sebastian, Isaac

(check list above for all those who do have it if needed)
Which of these heroes doesn't have a critical hit chance glyph? 	Isaac

(check list above for all those who do have it if needed)
Who is Morrigan to Corvus? 	Daughter
How many Hero souls does it take to evolve a Hero from the 5th star to Absolute Star? 	300
Which Hero can't drain energy from enemies? 	K'arkh
What is the name of Martha's turtle? 	Josephine
Where do you turn on music and sound? 	Settings
What do you do with Chaos Particles? 	Charge a pet's Gem
Where does the tea brewed by Martha grow? 	The forrest of Zarakkar
How do you unlock a hero sticker? 	Summon the hero
What can you get for Skull Coins on Tower Floor 50? 	Gold
Which boss can you encounter in the Maelstrom of Chaos? 	Always different
What is the name of the statue in Campain chapter 2? 	Monolith of Meron
How many heroes are there in the game in total? 	62 (01.03.2024) WEB
Which stat does Dante's second skill increase for all allies? 	Dodge
What can't be exchanged for guild activity? 	EXP Points
Which one of these cannot leave the Guild without assigning their role to another player? 	Guild Master
Which one of the following Heroes doesn't have a Champion Skin? 	Cornelius (2021)
Which Hero doesn't have a Champion Skin? 	Cornelius
Which position can't be taken by Heroes? 	Left line
How can't a Bronze Guild War Trophy be acquired? 	Expedition loot
Which hero shares their body with a black fox's soul? 	Satori
Which of these heroes can charm their enemies? 	Lian
What order of knights does Luther belong to? 	The order of St. Bran
Which of these heroes gain Charge instead of energy? 	Isaac
How many buffs of the day can be active at the same time in Adventures? 	3
Which of these heroes has violet eyes? 	Yasmine
Which glyph does Keira not have? 	Critical Hit
Which ability did Cornelius obtain while being held captive by dark mages? 	Suppressing magic
Which weapon does Valkyrie wield? 	A spear
Which avatar frame isn't present in the game? 	Tower Warden Frame
A total of how many mentors did Osh the Eternal Keeper have? 	5
Which school did the Faceless attend? 	The School of Mystics
Which of these heroes has the control role? 	Lilith
How do you obtain Chaos Frame? 	Defeat the boss in Adventure 13 fifteen times
Which of these heroes has a Rowdy Skin? 	Daredevil
Which chest isn't present in the game? 	Rune Chest
Which of these titans has a shield? 	Sigurd
Who was Keira before being turned into a vengeful spirit? 	A Royal Guardian
Which heroes should you send into battle alongside Mara the pet? 	Control heroes
Which of these heroes can move a low-health ally to the center of their team? 	Corvus
Which one of the following Heroes doesn't have a Lunar Skin? 	Elmir
Which hero's dodge chance increase after not taking damage for a few seconds? 	Heidi
Which action earns you Guild Activity Points? 	Upgrading a Glyph
Titans of which element are dealt boosted damage from Andvari's Soul Artifact? 	Water
What's the name of the demon confined within Rufus' shield? 	Rakashi
What is the name of the demon in Rufus's shield? 	Rakashi
What is the name of the Droemmer princess? 	Astrid
Which buff cannot be obtained in tower? 	Acceleration
How long is the expedition to the City of Angels? 	3 Hours
Which drommer is the Master of Water artifacts? 	Siungur
What do you have to do in order to obtain a Ghirwil City Story Fragment? 	Complete a mission with 3 stars
What do you have to do in order to obtain a Ghirwil City History Fragment? 	Complete a mission with 3 stars
Where can you meet the Oracle? 	Dungeon
Which event has an Easter Egg with the Sad Nymph? 	Summer Festival
Which hero has a skill that decreases magic defense? 	Alvanor
Which pet prevents enemies from receiving any healing from allies? 	Biscuit
What is the max difficulty level that can be selected in the Guild Raid? 	150
At which level does the player unlock Asgard and the Guild Raid? 	65
Which weapon is known as Noble? 	Ginger's Chain-gun
Which of these heroes does NOT have the Blessed Special 	Aurora
Which hero has the Rune of Life skill? 	Alvanor
What's the drommer princess' name? 	Astrid
Which hero of the month saw the release of Biscuit, the new pet? 	Peppy
What is Isaac's self-propelled vehicle called? 	Lil' Tes'Lin
What does Cain's patronage skill offer? 	Bonus energy for dodging
Which pet can become Alvanor's patron? 	Axel, Biscuit, Merlin, Oliver
Which pet can become Isaac's patron? 	Oliver, Mara or Axel
Which pet can Morrigan have as a patron? 	Oliver, Axel
Who cannot have Merlin the pet as a patron? 	Rufus
Who can't have Axel the pet as a patron? 	Chabba
Who cannot have Axel the pet as a patron? 	Chabba
Who cannot have Biscuit the pet as a patron? 	Martha
Which affect adds max charges to Khorus? 	Silence
Which Hero forged Galahad's sword? 	Fafnir
Which Heroes can be acquired in the Elemental Tournament Shop? 	Nebula, K'arkh
Which Hero has a skin that boosts Physical Attack? 	K'arkh
Which Hero has a Champion Skin that can be bought with silver trophies? 	Kai, Peppy, Judge, Ishmael, Galahad, Ginger, Thea
Which Hero CAN'T protect their allies with a shield? 	Sebastian
Which Titan is not a Marksman? 	Hyperion
Which Titan increases the max Health of allies? 	Solaris
Which hero "buffs" her enemys during battles? 	Amira
What was the name of Lian's beloved? 	Hiroshi
How much Gold do you need to unweave a white pattern out of a war flag? 	0
Which of these is an Outland boss? 	Brog the Conqueror
Where can you use Explorer's Moves? 	On the Mysterious Island
Which Hero doesn't have a Lunnar Skin? 	Elmir
Which pet boosts Heroes that deal pure damage? 	Albus 
What is the name of this coin? Outland Coin 	Outland Coin
What is the name of this item? Green Brothers 	Brothers
What is the name of the item? Green Branch of Antiaris 	Branch of Antiaris
What is this Hero's name? Browser Rufus Avatar (Rufus) 	Rufus
What is this Titan's name? Browser Vulcan Avatar 	Vulcan
What is this Titan's name? Iyari 	Iyari
What is this Titan's name?Keros icon 	Keros
What is the name of this artifact? Scythe of Redemption (Astaroth) 	Scythe of Redemption
What is the name of this artifact? Bleeding Steel (Dorian) 	Bleeding Steel
What is the name of this artifact? Black Fox's Fan (Satori) 	Black Fox's Fan
What is the name of this Titan Artifact? Ragni's Hammer (Moloch) 	Ragni's Hammer
What is the name of the skill represented by this icon? Browser Kai skill 3 (Kai) 	Explosive sphere
What is the name of the skill represented by this icon? Browser Galahad skill 2 (Galahad) 	Unstoppable charge
What is the name of the skill represented by this icon? Necromancy (Morrigan) 	Necromancy
Which Hero does this artifact belong to? Evil's Bane (Evil's Bane) 	Artemis
Which Hero does this artifact belong to? Black Fox's Fan (Black Fox's Fan) 	Satori
Which Hero does this artifact belong to? Hyper Booster DS-1 (Hyper Booster DS-1) 	Arachne
Which Hero does this artifact belong to? Spear of Fate (Spear of Fate) 	Dante
Which hero does this artifact belong to? DD-901 Arsenal (DD-901 Arsenal) 	Orion
Which hero does this artifact belong to? Old Lute (Elven Lute) 	Sebastian
Which hero does this artifact belong to? Archivist's Staff (Archivist's Staff) 	Cornelius
Which Hero does this artifact belong to? Bleeding Steel (Bleeding Steel) 	Dorian
Which Hero does this artifact belong to? Ring of Agility (Ring of Agility) 	Ginger, Arachne, Nebula
Which hero does this artifact belong to? Defender's Covenant (Defender's Covenant) 	Cleaver
Which Hero does this artifact belong to? Concubine's Khanjars (Concubine's Khanjars) 	Yasmine
Which hero does this artifact belong to? Celeste's Crown (Celeste's Crown) 	Celeste
Which hero does this artifact belong to? Shavarakk's Blood (Shavarakk's Blood) 	Jorgen
Which hero does this artifact belong to? Wanderer's Mantle (Wanderer's Mantle) 	Kai
Which hero does this artifact belong to? Octaviana's Blades (Octaviana's Blades) 	Keira
Which hero does this artifact belong to? Hidden Demon's Katars (Hidden Demon's Katars) 	Ishmael
Which hero does this artifact belong to? Warrior's Code (Warrior's Code) 	Yasmine, Sebastian, Jhu and Daredevil
Which hero does this artifact belong to? Wand of the Thousand Suns (Wand of the Thousand Suns) 	Helios
Which Hero does this artifact belong to? Ring of Strength (Ring of Strength) 	Corvus, Cleaver
Which hero does this artifact belong to? Shrapnel Cannon (Shrapnel Cannon) 	Fox
Which hero does this artifact belong to? Devil s Contract (Devil's Contract) 	Lilith
Which hero does this artifact belong to? Item on and off (On and Off) 	Daredevil
Which hero does this artifact belong to? Raven's Skull (Raven's Skull) 	Morrigan
Which hero does this artifact belong to? Book of Illusions (Book of Illusions) 	Heidi, Aurora, Dante, Jet, Nebula, Qing Mao
Which hero does this artifact belong to? Tome of Arcane Knowledge (Tome of Arcane Knowledge) 	Rufus (and many others)
Which hero does this artifact belong to? Ancestral Anvil (Arcane Anvil) 	Fafnir
Which Hero does this artifact belong to?Ms. Whirligig(Ms. Whirligig) 	Peppy
Which Hero does this artifact belong to?Mother Tree's Branch (Mother Tree's Branch) 	Maya 
At which rank does a pet unlock its patronage skill? 	Purple
What is the official title of our game? 	Hero Wars
What does the light totem do? 	Prevents allies from dying
